cur :1
  -   -   -   - 
  -   -   -   - 
  -   -   -   - 
  -   -   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :ana
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  -   -   -   - 
  -   -   -   - 
  -   -   -   - 
  -   -   -   - 



after undo :
  -   -   -   - 
  -   -   -   - 
  -   -   -   - 
  -   -   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :ana
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  -   -   -   - 
  -   -   -   - 
  -   -   -   - 
  -   -   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   -   -   - 
  -   -   -   - 
  -   -   -   - 


cur :2
  a   n   a   - 
  -   -   -   - 
  -   -   -   - 
  -   -   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :argo
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   -   -   - 
  -   -   -   - 
  -   -   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   -   -   - 
  -   -   -   - 
  -   -   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :argo
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   -   -   - 
  -   -   -   - 
  -   -   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :argo
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   -   -   - 
  -   -   -   - 
  -   -   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   -   -   - 
  -   -   -   - 
  -   -   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   -   -   - 
  -   -   -   - 
  -   -   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :argo
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   -   -   - 
  -   -   -   - 
  -   -   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   -   -   - 
  -   -   -   - 
  -   -   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :argo
lin :1
col :1
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   -   -   - 
  -   -   -   - 
  -   -   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


cur :3
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :1
col :1
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :1
col :1
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :1
col :1
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :1
col :1
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :1
col :1
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :1
col :1
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :1
col :1
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :1
col :1
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :1
col :1
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :1
col :1
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :1
col :1
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :1
col :1
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :1
col :2
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :1
col :2
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :1
col :2
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :1
col :2
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :1
col :2
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :1
col :2
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :1
col :2
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :1
col :2
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :1
col :2
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :1
col :2
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :1
col :2
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :1
col :2
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :1
col :2
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :1
col :2
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :1
col :3
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :1
col :3
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :1
col :3
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :1
col :3
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :1
col :3
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :1
col :3
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :1
col :3
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :1
col :3
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :1
col :3
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :1
col :3
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :1
col :3
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :1
col :3
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :1
col :3
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :1
col :3
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :1
col :4
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :1
col :4
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :1
col :4
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :1
col :4
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :1
col :4
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :1
col :4
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   -   o 
  -   -   g   r 
  -   -   -   o 


3-1-4
3-2-4
3-3-4

after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :1
col :4
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


cur :4
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :4
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :4
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :4
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :4
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :4
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :4
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :4
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :4
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :4
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :4
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :4
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :4
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :4
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :4
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :1
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  m   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


1-2-1

after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :1
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :1
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :1
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :1
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :1
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :1
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :1
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :1
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :1
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :1
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :1
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :1
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :2
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :2
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :2
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :2
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :2
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :2
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :2
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :2
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :2
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :2
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :2
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :2
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :2
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :2
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :3
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :3
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :3
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :3
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :3
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :3
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :3
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :3
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :3
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :3
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :3
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :3
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :3
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :3
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :4
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :4
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :4
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :4
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :4
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :4
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :4
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :4
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :4
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


cur :5
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  t   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


1-3-1

after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   t 
  a   -   -   o 


5-3-4

after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   t   -   o 


7-4-2

after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   t   o 


7-4-3

after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :4
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  o   r   o   m 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


5-2-4
5-2-1

after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :4
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :4
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :4
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :4
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :1
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  m   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


1-3-1

after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :1
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :1
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :1
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :1
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :1
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :1
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :1
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :1
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :1
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :1
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :1
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :1
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :2
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :2
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :2
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :2
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :2
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :2
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :2
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :2
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :2
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :2
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :2
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :2
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :2
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :2
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :3
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :3
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :3
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :3
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :3
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :3
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :3
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :3
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :3
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :3
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :3
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :3
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :3
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :3
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :4
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :4
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :4
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :4
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :4
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :4
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :4
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :4
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :4
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :4
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   m 
  a   -   -   o 


5-3-4

after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :4
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :4
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :4
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :4
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :1
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :1
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :1
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :1
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :1
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :1
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :1
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :1
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :1
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :1
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :1
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :1
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :1
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :2
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :2
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :2
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :2
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :2
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :2
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :2
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :2
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :2
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :2
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :2
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :2
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :2
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :2
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   m   -   o 


7-4-2

after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :3
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :3
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :3
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :3
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :3
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :3
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :3
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :3
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :3
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :3
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :3
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :3
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :3
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :3
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   m   o 


7-4-3

after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :4
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :4
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :4
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :4
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :4
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :4
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :4
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :4
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :4
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :4
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :4
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :4
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :4
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :4
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :1
col :4
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   o   - 
  -   r   g   - 
  a   -   -   o 


4-1-4
4-2-3
4-3-2
4-4-1

after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :1
col :4
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :1
col :4
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   n 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


5-1-4

after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :1
col :4
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :1
col :4
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :1
col :4
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :1
col :4
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :2
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :2
col :1
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  n   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


1-2-1

after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :2
col :1
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :2
col :1
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :2
col :1
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :2
col :1
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :2
col :1
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :2
col :1
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :2
col :1
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :2
col :1
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :2
col :1
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :2
col :1
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :2
col :1
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :2
col :1
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :2
col :2
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :2
col :2
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :2
col :2
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :2
col :2
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :2
col :2
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :2
col :2
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :2
col :2
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :2
col :2
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :2
col :2
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :2
col :2
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :2
col :2
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :2
col :2
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :2
col :2
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :2
col :2
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :2
col :3
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :2
col :3
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :2
col :3
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :2
col :3
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :2
col :3
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :2
col :3
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :2
col :3
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :2
col :3
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :2
col :3
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :2
col :3
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :2
col :3
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :2
col :3
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :2
col :3
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :2
col :3
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :2
col :4
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :2
col :4
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :2
col :4
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :2
col :4
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :2
col :4
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :2
col :4
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :2
col :4
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :2
col :4
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :2
col :4
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


cur :4
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :4
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :4
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :4
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :4
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :4
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :4
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


3-1-4

after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :4
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


cur :5
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  t   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


1-3-1

after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   t 
  o   -   -   o 


5-3-4

after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   t   -   o 


7-4-2

after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   t   o 


7-4-3

after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :4
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   r   g   - 
  o   -   -   o 


4-1-4
4-3-2
4-4-1

after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :4
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :4
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


5-1-4

after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :4
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :4
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :4
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :4
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :1
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :1
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :1
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :1
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :1
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :1
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :1
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :1
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :1
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :1
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :1
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :1
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :1
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :2
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :2
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :2
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :2
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :2
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :2
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :2
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :2
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :2
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :2
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :2
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :2
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :2
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :2
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :3
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :3
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :3
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :3
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :3
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :3
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :3
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :3
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :3
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :3
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :3
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :3
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :3
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :3
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :4
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :4
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :4
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :4
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :4
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :4
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :4
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :4
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :4
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :4
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :4
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :4
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :4
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :4
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :1
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  m   o   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


1-3-1
1-3-2

after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :1
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :1
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :1
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :1
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :1
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :1
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :1
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :1
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :1
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :1
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :1
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :1
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :2
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :2
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :2
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :2
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :2
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :2
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :2
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :2
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :2
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :2
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :2
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :2
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :2
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :2
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :3
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :3
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :3
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :3
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :3
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :3
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :3
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :3
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :3
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :3
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :3
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :3
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :3
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :3
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :4
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :4
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :4
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :4
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :4
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :4
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :4
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :4
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :4
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :4
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   m 
  -   -   -   o 


5-3-4

after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :4
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :4
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :4
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :4
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


cur :5
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   t 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


3-1-4

after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   t 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   o   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


4-1-4
4-3-2

after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   t 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


5-1-4

after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  t   o   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


1-3-1
1-3-2

after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   t 
  m   o   r   o 


5-3-4

after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :1
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  m   o   r   o 


1-4-1
1-4-2
1-4-3

after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :1
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :1
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :1
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :1
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :1
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :1
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :1
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :1
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :1
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :1
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :1
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :1
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  o   -   g   - 
  m   -   -   o 


7-4-1
7-3-1

after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :2
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :2
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :2
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :2
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :2
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :2
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :2
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :2
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :2
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :2
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :2
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :2
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :2
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :2
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   o   g   - 
  -   m   -   o 


7-4-2
7-3-2

after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :3
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :3
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :3
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :3
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :3
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :3
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :3
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :3
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :3
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :3
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :3
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :3
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :3
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :3
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   m   o 


7-4-3

after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :4
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :4
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :4
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :4
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :4
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :4
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :4
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :4
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :4
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :4
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :4
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :4
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :4
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :4
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :2
col :4
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  a   r   o   n 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


5-2-4
5-2-3
5-2-1

after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :2
col :4
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :2
col :4
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :2
col :4
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :2
col :4
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :3
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :3
col :1
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  n   o   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


1-3-1
1-3-2

after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :3
col :1
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :3
col :1
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :3
col :1
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :3
col :1
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :3
col :1
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :3
col :1
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :3
col :1
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :3
col :1
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :3
col :1
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :3
col :1
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :3
col :1
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :3
col :1
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :3
col :2
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :3
col :2
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :3
col :2
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :3
col :2
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :3
col :2
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :3
col :2
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :3
col :2
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :3
col :2
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :3
col :2
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :3
col :2
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :3
col :2
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :3
col :2
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :3
col :2
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :3
col :2
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :3
col :3
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :3
col :3
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :3
col :3
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :3
col :3
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :3
col :3
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :3
col :3
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :3
col :3
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :3
col :3
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :3
col :3
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :3
col :3
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :3
col :3
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :3
col :3
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :3
col :3
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :3
col :3
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :3
col :4
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :3
col :4
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :3
col :4
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :3
col :4
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :3
col :4
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :3
col :4
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :3
col :4
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :3
col :4
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :3
col :4
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :3
col :4
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   n 
  -   -   -   o 


5-3-4

after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :3
col :4
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :3
col :4
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :3
col :4
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :3
col :4
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :4
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :4
col :1
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  n   o   r   o 


1-4-1
1-4-2
1-4-3

after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :4
col :1
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :4
col :1
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :4
col :1
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :4
col :1
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :4
col :1
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :4
col :1
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :4
col :1
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :4
col :1
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :4
col :1
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :4
col :1
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :4
col :1
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


cur :4
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :4
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :4
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :4
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :4
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :4
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


cur :5
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   o   g   r 
  n   t   -   o 


7-4-2
7-3-2

after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   t   o 


7-4-3

after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :4
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   o 
  o   -   g   r 
  n   -   -   o 


3-1-4
3-2-4
3-3-4

after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :4
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :4
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   o   - 
  o   r   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


4-1-4
4-2-3
4-3-2

after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :4
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :4
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


5-1-4

after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :4
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :4
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :4
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :4
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :1
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :1
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :1
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :1
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :1
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :1
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :1
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :1
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :1
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :1
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :1
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :1
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :1
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :2
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :2
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :2
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :2
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :2
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :2
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :2
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :2
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :2
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :2
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :2
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :2
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :2
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :2
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :3
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :3
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :3
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :3
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :3
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :3
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :3
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :3
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :3
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :3
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :3
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :3
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :3
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :3
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :4
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :4
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :4
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :4
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :4
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :4
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :4
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :4
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :4
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :4
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   o   m 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


5-2-4
5-2-3

after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :4
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :4
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :2
col :4
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :2
col :4
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :1
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :1
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :1
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :1
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :1
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :1
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :1
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :1
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :1
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :1
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :1
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :1
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :1
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :2
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :2
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :2
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :2
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :2
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :2
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :2
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :2
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :2
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :2
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :2
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :2
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :2
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :2
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :3
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :3
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :3
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :3
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :3
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :3
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :3
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :3
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :3
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :3
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :3
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :3
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :3
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :3
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :4
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :4
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :4
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :4
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :4
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :4
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :4
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :4
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :4
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :4
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   m 
  n   -   -   o 


5-3-4

after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :4
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :4
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :3
col :4
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :3
col :4
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :1
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :1
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :1
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :1
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :1
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :1
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :1
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :1
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :1
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :1
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :1
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :1
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :1
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :2
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :2
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :2
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :2
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :2
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :2
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :2
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :2
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :2
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :2
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :2
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :2
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :2
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :2
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   o   g   - 
  n   m   -   o 


7-4-2
7-3-2

after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :3
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :3
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :3
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :3
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :3
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :3
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :3
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :3
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :3
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :3
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :3
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :3
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :3
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :3
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   m   o 


7-4-3

after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :4
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :4
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :4
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :4
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :4
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :4
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :4
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :4
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :4
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :4
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :4
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :4
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :4
col :4
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :4
col :4
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :4
col :1
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   r   -   - 
  o   -   g   - 
  n   -   -   o 


7-4-1
7-3-1
7-2-1

after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :4
col :2
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :4
col :2
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :4
col :2
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :4
col :2
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :4
col :2
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :4
col :2
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :4
col :2
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :4
col :2
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :4
col :2
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :4
col :2
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :4
col :2
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :4
col :2
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :4
col :2
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :4
col :2
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   o   g   - 
  -   n   -   o 


7-4-2
7-3-2

after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :4
col :3
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :4
col :3
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :4
col :3
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :4
col :3
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :4
col :3
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :4
col :3
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :4
col :3
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :4
col :3
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :4
col :3
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :4
col :3
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :4
col :3
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :4
col :3
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :4
col :3
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :4
col :3
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   n   o 


7-4-3

after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :4
col :4
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :4
col :4
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :4
col :4
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :4
col :4
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :4
col :4
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :4
col :4
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :4
col :4
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :4
col :4
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :4
col :4
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :4
col :4
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :4
col :4
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :4
col :4
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :4
col :4
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :4
col :4
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :argo
lin :1
col :1
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   r   -   - 
  -   -   g   - 
  -   -   -   o 


2-2-2
2-3-3
2-4-4

after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   -   -   - 
  -   -   -   - 
  -   -   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :argo
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  -   -   -   - 
  -   -   -   - 
  -   -   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  -   -   -   - 
  -   -   -   - 
  -   -   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :argo
lin :1
col :1
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  -   -   -   - 
  -   -   -   - 
  -   -   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 


cur :3
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :1
col :1
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :1
col :1
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :1
col :1
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :1
col :1
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :1
col :1
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :1
col :1
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :1
col :1
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :1
col :1
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :1
col :1
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :1
col :1
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :1
col :1
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :1
col :1
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :1
col :2
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :1
col :2
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :1
col :2
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :1
col :2
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :nora
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :nora
lin :1
col :2
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   -   -   - 
  g   -   -   - 
  o   -   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :4
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :1
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :2
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :3
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :4
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :4
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :4
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :4
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :4
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


cur :5
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :1
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :2
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :3
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :3
col :4
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :1
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :2
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :3
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   o 
  g   r   o   r 
  o   a   t   o 


7-4-3
7-3-3
7-2-3

after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :4
col :4
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :1
col :4
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   -   o 
  g   r   -   r 
  o   a   -   o 


3-1-4
3-2-4
3-3-4
3-4-4

after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :moro
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :moro
lin :1
col :4
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   - 
  r   o   -   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :5
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :1
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :2
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :3
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :1
col :4
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :1
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :2
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :5
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :6
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :6
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :7
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :3
dir :7
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :1
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :2
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :2
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :3
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :3
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :4
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :4
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :toor
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :toor
lin :2
col :4
dir :5
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   - 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :6
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :7
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :8
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :9
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :10
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :11
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :12
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :13
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :14
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :15
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :16
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :17
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :18
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :19
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :20
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :21
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :22
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :23
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :24
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :25
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :26
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :27
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :28
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :29
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :30
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :31
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :32
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :33
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :34
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :35
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :36
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :37
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :38
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :39
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :40
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :41
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :42
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :43
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :44
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :45
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :46
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :47
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :48
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :49
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :50
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :51
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :52
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :53
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :54
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :55
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :56
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :57
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :58
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :59
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :60
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :61
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :62
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :63
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :64
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :65
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :66
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :67
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :68
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :69
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :70
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :71
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :72
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :73
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :74
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :75
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :76
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :77
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :78
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :79
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :80
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :81
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :82
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :83
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :84
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :85
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :86
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :87
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :88
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :89
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :90
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :91
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :92
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :93
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :94
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :95
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :96
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :97
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :98
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :99
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :100
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


cur :101
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 


Stergem cuvantul :nam                                                                                              
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
  o   a   -   - 



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


Incercam sa punem :nam                                                                                              
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


cur :102
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


cur :103
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


cur :104
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


cur :105
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


cur :106
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


cur :107
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


cur :108
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


cur :109
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


cur :110
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


cur :111
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


cur :112
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


cur :113
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


cur :114
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


cur :115
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


cur :116
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


cur :117
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


cur :118
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


cur :119
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


cur :120
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


Stergem cuvantul :
lin :0
col :0
dir :0
Befour del:
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                



after undo :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                


Incercam sa punem :
lin :1
col :1
dir :1
Befour adding
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -   - 
                



After :
  a   n   a   m 
  r   o   o   t 
  g   r   -An unhandled exception occurred at $0000000000400EB0 :
EInOutError : File not open
  $0000000000400EB0
  $00000000004020FB
  $0000000000402134
  $0000000000402134
  $0000000000402134
  $0000000000402134
  $0000000000402134
  $0000000000402134
  $0000000000402134
  $0000000000402134
  $0000000000402134
  $0000000000402134
  $0000000000402134
  $0000000000402134
  $0000000000402134
  $0000000000402134
  $0000000000402134

